I didn't seduce. I didn't.
Jenny, wake up.
You're having a nightmare.
Jenny. No.
Jenny, wake up.
Jenny.
Silly girl.
Take her time off to go home if you miss your mom.
You don't have to keep it to yourself.
Don't marry us, you.
Oh, Mr. Miller, is he all right?
Yes, he's got a strong body, and he'll be fine.
Pigs will fly if she's fine after getting drugged with him.
Mr. Miller, the birthday gift from the scion
of the Precious family.
He demanded you to open it yourself.
I've checked it, and there's no hazardous material.
You want to open it?
Mr. Miller, why is the sign of the Precious family?
The rumors circling out there say that Mr. Miller never
could close to woman, and the big four families
gossip about the president's wife cheating on his arm.
Does Mr. Miller really have some kind of unspeakable disease?